link for react fiber architecture: https://github.com/acdlite/react-fiber-architecture

React Fiber is an ongoing reimplementation of React's core algorithm. 
It is the culmination of over two years of research by the React team.

The goal of React Fiber is to increase its suitability for areas like animation, 
layout, and gestures. Its headline feature is incremental rendering: the ability to split rendering work 
into chunks and spread it out over multiple frames.

Other key features include the ability to pause, abort, or reuse work as new updates come in; 
the ability to assign priority to different types of updates; and new concurrency primitives.

What is reconciliation?
reconciliation
The algorithm React uses to diff one tree with another to determine which parts need to be changed.
update
A change in the data used to render a React app. Usually the result of `setState`. Eventually results in a re-render.

The central idea of React's API is to think of updates as if they cause the entire app to re-render. 
This allows the developer to reason declaratively, rather than worry about how to efficiently transition the 
app from any particular state to another (A to B, B to C, C to A, and so on).



Reconciliation is the algorithm behind what is popularly understood as the "virtual DOM." 
A high-level description goes something like this: when you render a React application, a tree of nodes 
that describes the app is generated and saved in memory. This tree is then flushed to the rendering 
environment — for example, in the case of a browser application, it's translated to a set of DOM operations. 
When the app is updated (usually via setState), a new tree is generated. The new tree is diffed with the previous 
tree to compute which operations are needed to update the rendered app.

Although Fiber is a ground-up rewrite of the reconciler, the high-level algorithm described in the React docs 
will be largely the same. The key points are:

Different component types are assumed to generate substantially different trees. React will not attempt to 
 them, but rather replace the old tree completely.
Diffing of lists is performed using keys. Keys should be "stable, predictable, and unique." (If we want to imporve the 
working of list iterations we can use the key attribute in the list items because it helps React identify which items have 
changed, are added, or are removed.)  

